README.asciidoc, before:

// The markup language of this file is AsciiDoc, see
// http://www.methods.co.nz/asciidoc/

This project is in it's erection phase. The currently provided koans (aka
exercises) are far from complete and are thus not yet usable for an end user.

cppkoans
========

cppkoans are a set of little exercise to improve and strengthen your knowledge
of C\\++. As with most things, humans learn stuff by repetition and hands-on
practice. The provided koans are intended for intermediate to advanced C++
programmers.

cppkoans are inspired by http://rubykoans.com/[ruby koans]. There are also
further cppkoans projects. The way they can interrogate the disciple and react
to the disciple's answers is in general more limited than this cppkoans. Also
their koans are in general less amended with information on the current topic
and usually lack references to further documentation.

- https://github.com/bkleinen/CPPKoans
- https://github.com/torbjoernk/CppKoans

build
-----
Currently supported build tools are make and Microsoft visual studio C++ 2010,
also known as msvc. Building by default also runs the koans.

make
~~~~
In the shell, in directory build/make, run just +make+ with no arguments. The
cppkoans executable is generated in build/make.

msvc 2010
~~~~~~~~~
The cppkoans.exe executable is generated in build/msvc/{Debug,Release}.

running the koans
-----------------
Building, see chapter `build', by default also runs the koans. If you want to
run them explicitly, execute the cppkoans executable from your command line.
See the chapter `build' where the executables are.

To make this a little bit more convenient, you can run them also as explained in
the following:

make / *nix::
In directory build/make/, run +make run+.

msvc::
In msvc, you can run the executable explicitly via menu `Debug | Start
Debugging' (F5) or `Debug | Start Without Debugging' (Ctrl+F5).

Commit message:

README.asciidoc: denoted levels of headings
Level 0 (== underline) is only allowed for book doctypes

README.asciidoc, after:

// The markup language of this file is AsciiDoc, see
// http://www.methods.co.nz/asciidoc/. Note for authors: it is expected to
// display nicely on github (see https://github.com/sensorflo/cppkoans) and when
// running "asciidoc README.asciidoc".

This project is in it's erection phase. The currently provided koans (aka
exercises) are far from complete and are thus not yet usable for an end user.

cppkoans
--------

cppkoans are a set of little exercise to improve and strengthen your knowledge
of C\\++. As with most things, humans learn stuff by repetition and hands-on
practice. The provided koans are intended for intermediate to advanced C++
programmers.

cppkoans are inspired by http://rubykoans.com/[ruby koans]. There are also
further cppkoans projects. The way they can interrogate the disciple and react
to the disciple's answers is in general more limited than this cppkoans. Also
their koans are in general less amended with information on the current topic
and usually lack references to further documentation.

- https://github.com/bkleinen/CPPKoans
- https://github.com/torbjoernk/CppKoans

build
~~~~~
Currently supported build tools are make and Microsoft visual studio C++ 2010,
also known as msvc. Building by default also runs the koans.

make
^^^^
In the shell, in directory build/make, run just +make+ with no arguments. The
cppkoans executable is generated in build/make.

msvc 2010
^^^^^^^^^
The cppkoans.exe executable is generated in build/msvc/{Debug,Release}.

running the koans
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Building, see chapter `build', by default also runs the koans. If you want to
run them explicitly, execute the cppkoans executable from your command line.
See the chapter `build' where the executables are.

To make this a little bit more convenient, you can run them also as explained in
the following:

make / *nix::
In directory build/make/, run +make run+.

msvc::
In msvc, you can run the executable explicitly via menu `Debug | Start
Debugging' (F5) or `Debug | Start Without Debugging' (Ctrl+F5).
